[ cellphone rings ]
Really?
Really.
Don't be mean.
I'm not being mean.
It's just...
So I say there's hope
And this means
you call me every night?
Unless you want me to come over
there and tuck you in.
That came out...Dirty.
I just want to
[sighs]
I miss you.
Can we think about finding a way
to spend time together?
Now that there is...
Hope?
Well, it depends.
On?
Is jake being fed?
Excuse me?
That's been sued three times
in the last five years
For inhumane treatment
of prisoners.
So I'd like to know --
is he being fed?
Sequestered
from violent inmates?
Given access
to sunlight?
Jake ballard is no longer
any of your concern.
I want a full report
of his condition.
Then we can talk about
what "hope" means.
Olivia --
Good night, fitz.
[ sighs ]
Hello?
Mr. Winslow?
[ door hinges creak ]
Hello.
Hi.
Do we know each other?
My name is quinn.
And I work
for olivia pope.
Of course you do.
You said you were
out of town on business
The night
your daughter disappeared.
But you weren't.
You were at your office having
an off-the-books meeting,
And when caitlin came to tell
you about catherine's affair,
She overheard something,
something she shouldn't have.
So she grabbed
the closest proof
She could get her hands on
and ran.
She took a folder.
It had pictures of olivia in it.
That's why she had to die.
That's why she was killed.
Is it her?
I haven't heard a question yet,
quinn.
Okay.
Why did you lie
about that meeting?
What was the meeting
about?
Why is someone taking pictures
of my boss?
What does all of this have to do
with olivia pope?
You can't stop
what's coming.
I'm sorry.
I can't help you.
No!
[ gunshot ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Woman:
[ laughs ] whoa!
Easy, cap'n!
Anchors aweigh!
[ laughs ]
Baby?
[ gasps ]
baby!
[ laughs ]
Baby made a mess.
[  laughs]
Oh, god.
Did he just --
Number two?
Cyrus: Oh, god!
[ laughs ]
I'm sorry.
[ laughing ] a United States
senator just...
On tape...
D-don't mind me.
[ indistinct shouting ]
Everyone! Everyone!
Please, let's try to exercise
some decorum this morning.
Woman: Has president grant seen
the mcdonnell video?
President grant doesn't fancy
himself a fan of reality tv.
He's busy running the country.
Okay, but senator mcdonnell
just resigned his senate seat.
You'd have to ask
the good people of virginia.
I'm hearing rumors
president grant
Already has a candidate
in mind to support.
I'm sorry.
Is that a question?
Charles putney. Is he going to
be the president's pick?
At this time...
No names have been discussed.
But, um,
when we do have someone,
You'll be the first to know.
[ indistinct shouting ]
When exactly
were you planning to tell me
We have a candidate
to replace mcdonnell?
to replace mcdonnell.
Happy?
Is it charles putney?
It is, red.
Everything okay?
Yeah, fine.
I just know him, is all.
I think I knew that.
Is it going to be a problem?
Of course not.
Why would it be a problem?
Come in and meet the
next senator from
virginia, charles putney.
Call me chip.
Chip!
Nice to finally meet you,
cyrus.
Cy.
Leo, didn't see you there.
Don't you look well-rested
since the election.
Wish I had some downtime.
Too busy here
in the white house.
Abby, let me introduce you
to chip.
Oh,
we know each other.
Oh. I didn't know
you'd worked together.
We haven't,
mr. President.
We used to be married.
Chip is my ex-husband.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ computer beeps ]
Quinn: Huck!
Uh...Coming!
[ keyboard clacking ]
We have a situation here.
Olivia:
You are the attorney general
of the United States, david.
I know you have
your phone on.
How long
has she been like this?
She alternates between
calling david rosen about jake
And grilling me
about the winslow case.
[ sighs ] I mean,
what do you think?
"hey, guess what.
"the envelope caitlin winslow
stole from her dad's firm,
"the one
she was murdered over?
"it had pictures of you
in it!
"and when I went to question
the one person
"who could tell us about
the photos,
We don't tell her -- not yet.
She has too much on her plate.
Those pictures will break
her brain right now.
[ cellphone rings ]
About time, david.
Abby?
What's wrong?
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Abby?
Abby:
No one saw you come in?
Cyrus? Ethan?
I was careful.
No one saw me.
I know you're worried about jake
and you don't have time --
I always have time.
[ sighs ]
I wouldn't have even called you
except I ruined my dress.
I saw charles...
"chip" --
and I-I was calm and I smiled,
I kept it together,
and I'm --
I don't think anybody
could tell that...
But then I went
straight to the bathroom
And I-I didn't know
that was gonna happen.
And I got it all over my dress,
and so it's ruined.
I usually keep another one
Except yesterday
was dry-cleaning day.
And I can't go back out there
with vomit on me, so...
Did you bring a dress?
I brought you two very nice
dresses to choose from.
Abby...
What am I supposed to do?
"the man that you
publicly endorsed for the senate
Used to beat the crap
out of me"?
If fitz knew --
not fitz.
Fitz is a man to you.
The rest of us,
we only know the president.
The president is not a man.
He's an idea.
H-he's gun control and equal pay
and education bills,
And maybe the first proof ever
of republicans and democrats
Actually being able
to work together.
His needs supersede mine.
I know you're trying
to be rational,
And I understand why, but you
can't pretend this is okay.
It's not okay, abby.
We need his votes
on the hill.
[ voice breaking ]
it has to be okay.
[ cries ]
I can suck it up.
I-I'll...
Damn it.
I cannot cry
in the white house.
You cry if you want to.
No.
Press secretaries can't cry.
It's like a rule.
[ breathes deeply ]
Abby, look at me.
What do you want?
Liv, no. You can't.
You already have jake
to deal with.
What do you want?
[ chuckles softly ]
The putney name
means everything in virginia.
The president's
already endorsed him.
Chip is never gonna lose
the senate race.
You can't handle this.
Watch me.
[ sighs ]
Ugh.
Wow.
It's a party.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Let's get started.
Hi, there.
You work for the ross campaign,
right?
I'm a volunteer.
Yeah, I need you t--
I need you
to take down that sign.
There's a ladder in the hall.
Make use of it.
You'll get your phone back
when you're done.
From now on, any and all
campaign materials
need to be approved.
Susan: Implement these changes.
We can completely eliminate --
We're gonna take
a little break.
You're susan ross?
Yes.
And you want to be
the next United States
senator from virginia?
Yes. Look, you just interrupted
my campaign rally.
Susan, this isn't
a campaign rally
For the next United States
senator from virginia.
This isn't even
a campaign rally
For a middle-school
student-council treasurer.
Which is a shame because I think
you have promise.
Do you know why that matters,
susan?
That I think
that you have promise?
And I'd like to run
your campaign free of charge.
Not only can I make you
I  willmake you the
next United States
senator from virginia.
All you have to do
is say yes.
Say yes, susan.
Yes.
Thank you, susan.
Okay,
I want this sign down now.
Bring me the latest polling
and finance stats.
This is the big-time, people!
Let's go!
Susan ross.
Virginia state senator.
Professor of political science
at uva.
Widowed mother of casey,
age 10.
And as of last Thursday,
republican candidate for senate.
Post, times -- everyone calls
her campaign hopeless.
Early polls show charles putney
with a double-digit lead.
My image?
What about my image?
Research shows
that if a woman candidate
Is perceived as too pretty
or too plain,
Voters turn against her.
Still, as a feminist,
I absolutely understand
If you want to refuse to make
adjustments to your image.
Adjust how? Adjust what?
Just a couple of tweaks.
¶ every one from a to z
Oh!
¶ whoa, whoa, whoa
¶ ohh
Reworking her image
will only boost her so far.
Putney's got a $50 million
war chest.
With their ad-spend
alone, no way we can
win this one clean.
We're gonna need to put
them on the defense.
We're gonna need dirt.
Abby must have something
from the divorce.
We should ask her.
We're not involving abby
in this.
¶ I'm every woman
[ knock on door ]
hey.
Leo.
I was in the area.
I thought I'd stop by.
What area?
Washington, d.C.
Mind if I take a seat?
So what is the deal
with you and your ex?
There's no deal.
We were married,
and now we're not.
I'm not besties
with my ex-husband.
Nothing. I just want to know
where I stand.
You know, with
the two of us working
together -- you and me.
I mean, I figure we have
two choices here --
We can either pretend
this unbearable sexual
tension doesn't exist,
Or we can address it
head-on.
Is there a third choice?
Can I close the door?
No.
Then no.
What am I watching?
Car bomb just went off
outside the u.S. Embassy
In west angola.
That's not good.
We have a press briefing
in less than 30, people.
We have an update?
All we know
Is that a car bomb exploded
near our embassy in west angola.
Anyone hurt?
30 west angolan civilians
were killed.
Is anyone claiming
responsibility?
With the rebels' car bombing
of the reserve bank last month.
It could also be
president buhari
Wanting us to think
it's the rebels.
He's asking us
to send in troops.
Heighten security
outside the embassy.
The u.S.S. Truman's in the red
sea, near the gulf of guinea.
Send the truman in.
Yes, sir.
If she knows,
how does she know?
Before you head out
on a witch-hunt,
You might want to take a closer
look at your own...Back door.
You sure you don't have time
for round two?
[ sighs ]
It'd be round three,
by my count.
They say good things
come in threes.
They do.
But I got to get back.
It's this embassy bombing
in west angola.
Yeah, it was all over
the news today.
We're sending in
the u.S.S. Roosevelt
As a deterrent, but...
I'm sorry.
I'm boring you.
I don't mind.
You can talk about anything
with me.
Ethan.
Monitor every news outlet
for the next 24 hours.
I want to know
if elizabeth north
Says anything
about west angola.
Anything at all.
[ knock on door ]
is it true?
Will there be
a new china pattern
At the white house
on your watch?
A first lady's job
is never done.
Everyone likes
the reagan china best.
But I prefer the roosevelt.
What do you think?
Oh, well, the crimson border
on the reagan
Is so elegant.
Eleanor roosevelt
ordered her china service
To create jobs
during the great depression.
Really?
I didn't know that.
See how simple the pattern is?
Not a lot of fuss.
Poor thing probably didn't give
a rat's ass about china
Any more than I do.
[ chuckles ]
I'll tell you something --
They'll suddenly make first lady
an official paid position.
The minute a man has to do it,
it'll become a real job.
I'm sorry, elizabeth.
I'm just so bored.
Then let me entertain you
With talk
of more substantial matters.
Such as?
And how you can help the party
shape it.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
David:
The answer is no.
You haven't heard
the question yet.
The question involves
you asking me
To grossly abuse
the powers of my office
And get you access to something
you shouldn't have access to.
Is this why you've been
ignoring my calls?
Yes.
I need you to get me
into supermax.
Liv,
it's a supermax prison.
They added the word "super"
to the already quite clear
"maximum security."
That place holds people
who eat people.
And you want to what,
just waltz in there
Wearing all your white stuff,
Have a seat in one of the cells,
and drink tea with jake?
This isn't
jailhousemingle.Com.
You can't just visit jake.
Hell no. There are clearances,
protocols, rules.
You already have a plan,
don't you?
I've been poped
and I don't know it.
Yes. And, david?
What.
Who said it was jake
that I wanted to visit?
[ chains jingle ]
Hello, tom.
Warden roberts
generously allowed me
The use of his office.
This way I didn't have to
sign in as a visitor
And we get to keep this meeting
off the books.
[ sighs ]
I'm -- I'm sorry.
I don't --
I don't mean to stare.
It's just...
I don't get to look at you
very often.
Just...Look.
I'm usually working,
scanning the perimeter,
Protecting my president
the way I do.
I'm in the room,
but I'm never in the room.
You're usually
in the corner of my eye.
I've never seen you.
And you...
Are...Beautiful.
The face that launched
a thousand ships.
Tom, I need you tell me
the truth
About who ordered you to kill
the president's son.
I need to know --
why did you leave him?
Tom, I need answers.
So do I.
I've had so many questions
for so long
That I've been wanting
to ask.
What is it that is so special
about you?
You have so much power
over him.
He revolves around you.
So, I don't understand.
Why did you leave him?
I'm not answering these --
Was it an order
from command?
My father? My father doesn't
give me orders.
You think you...?
Oh, you think
you have a father.
I am so sorry,
but you don't have a father.
You have command.
You were raised
by command.
Command doesn't have
a family.
You take orders
like any other soldier.
You've been taking orders
from command
Since the day
you were born.
Who made you kill
the president's son?
He came to your apartment once
after you left town.
He insisted.
So we brought him.
Middle of the night.
Not even a follow car.
Just four agents
and my president.
I think he had to see it
for himself,
See that you were
really gone.
We had a key
from the landlord.
The president went in
and he just...
The other three agents
stayed outside in the hall,
But eventually I went in, too,
because of the sound.
He was making this noise.
Not crying, more like...
I don't know.
I've never heard a noise
like that before.
He stopped when I came in.
And we just didn't
talk about it.
He's my president.
He needed you.
He was in pain.
He wanted to die.
He tried, you know.
Once.
I could protect him
from everyone.
Except you.
I could never protect him
from you, ms. Pope.
You are beautiful.
But really,
it's what's behind your eyes.
I can see it.
And you know
they all love you.
My president, jake, command --
And I can see it.
I can see why.
Helen of troy.
The face that launched
a thousand ships.
She didn't have a father,
either.
Her father was a god.
You listen to me.
My father is not a god.
He's a man.
A very efficient man
who does not like loose ends.
He doesn't need you anymore,
so he will have you killed.
I will protect you,
I will save your life,
If you tell me the truth.
Who ordered you to kill
the president's son?
Jake ballard.
Watch your back, tom.
Hi. I'm susan ross.
As many of you know, virginia
is in a state of crisis.
Olivia:
You're blinking too much.
Am I?
Let's try it again.
It must be
all the eye make-up.
Action!
Hi. I'm susan ross.
As many of you know, virginia
is in a state of crisis.
Still blinking.
Shoot.
Action.
Hi. I'm susan ross.
As many of you know, virginia
is in a state of crisis.
Oh, good lord.
Congress's cap and trade laws
Are bleeding
our coal industry dry.
Is it too late
to make this a radio ad?
We've already bought
the air time.
Uh...My eyes feel weird
like this.
Can I get some eyedrops?
[ both laugh ]
That wasn't fair.
Hi. I'm casey ross.
And this is my mom,
susan ross.
She's running
for United States senator.
I think you should vote for her.
Why?
Because she's awesome.
Check it out.
You see that?
That's my mom's
doctorate degree.
I want smart people running
my country. Don't you?
This is my mom and dad.
My dad died when I was five.
But my mom has done an amazing
job raising me by herself.
This is a picture of my grandpa.
He worked in the coal mines
for more than thirty years.
I think that's awesome.
So does my mom.
That's why,
when she gets to washington,
She's gonna make sure
that she protects
All those coal jobs
That the other guy
wants to get rid of.
Pretty cool, right?
I'm proud of my mom
'cause she cares about people.
How do I know that?
Because she cares about me.
Susan: That's enough, casey.
Lights out.
This is susan ross,
and I approve this message.
Six hours
it's been on the air.
Six hours, and already
it's taking over facebook,
I didn't think ross
had it in her.
The woman could sell a dual
ticket of hitler and bin laden.
The point is,
she's gaining ground.
Not enough to make me wet
my pants, prostate willing,
But enough
to make me wonder
If the president
of the United States
Might have made a mistake
endorsing you so quickly.
Are you going to embarrass him
on election day, gentlemen?
Then you'd best
hit the streets.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ car alarm chirps ]
Abby.
Oh. [ chuckles ]
I didn't mean
to startle you.
You didn't.
I just wanted to say hi.
Just us.
[ sighs ]
you know, you look good, ab.
Just the same.
If I wasn't married now,
we could have fun, huh?
No. No.
No, we couldn't.
Ab, you're not still holding
a grudge, are you?
A grudge?
Am I...What?
Look, this election
is important to me.
Yeah, our marriage
wasn't perfect.
So I may have lost my temper
a couple of times.
I'm lucky to be alive,
charles.
It's always the blame game
with you, abby.
We had a passionate
relationship.
Move on.
Let it go already.
Because, whether you like
it or not,
I'm gonna win
this election.
So you can call off
your olivia-dog.
We're on the same team now.
So don't screw this up.
You've come a long way.
So have I.
Whoa!
W-what are you doing?
I'm gonna shoot you.
I'm gonna shoot you,
and when people ask me why,
I'll tell them
it's because you used to
Beat the crap out of me.
And that's what's made me
so messed up.
That's what made me
so lonely.
That's what's stolen
all of my chances
For normal with
every single guy I've ever...
Or maybe I'll just tell them
you attacked me
And I went crazy
and shot you in the face.
Either way, chalk it up
to p.T.S.D., chip.
[ car door opens, closes ]
[ engine turns over ]
[ tires screech ]
Olivia: Abby.
What happened?
I didn't, but I wanted to.
I wanted to kill him.
I wanted him dead.
Charles?
Uh-huh.
It didn't even feel wrong.
It felt good.
I crossed over.
I pulled out my gun
and everything.
Abby...
I know, I'm just saying --
It felt really good.
Abby, I'm gonna need you
to give me your gun.
Abby.
[ gasps ]
He can't win, liv.
He can't get to be
a United States senator.
Chip can't be...
Oh, my god, what --
what am I gonna do?
What do -- what do I do?
Tell me what to do.
Use your podium.
Don't wait
for the election.
Stand up at your podium
with its presidential seal
And tell the most powerful
reporters in the world
Who chip is,
who he really is.
You would destroy his career,
just like that.
Think about
all those battered women
Who would hear your story
and they'd get a little hope.
Think of all the lives
you could change.
You'd be a hero
to so many women.
Right?
I did that.
We did that for clients
for years.
They came, we fixed,
and we conquered.
But what happened
to those women, liv?
They became anita hill,
monica lewinsky.
They stood up, liv.
They stood up
and told their story.
But where are they now?
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ sighs ]
[ cellphone rings ]
Hey.
Jake ballard is eating
2,700 calories per day.
Three proteins,
three vegetables,
One fruit,
two carbohydrates.
He is alone in his cell,
Where he has books and paper
for 23 hours a day.
For one hour each day
he is removed from his cell
And taken
to an exercise yard,
Where he exercises
with two other prisoners
In the fresh air
and sunshine
Under the safe watch of seven
heavily armed guards.
Satisfied?
Sure.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You sure?
Yeah.
What about you?
Are you okay?
I'm a little annoyed
that you decided
To represent susan ross
after I endorsed her opponent,
But other than that...
There's hope, so...
I'm great.
I went to supermax
last night.
Visiting jake was not part
of the agreement.
I visited tom.
I'm trying not
to get angry here.
You visited tom because you
thought you could what?
Get him to confess?
We already did that.
He confessed to killing my son
and your friend
On orders from the guy
you've been screwing.
I thought he would
change his story. He didn't.
[ sighs ]
See...
I don't know why
you won't let this go.
He said you tried
to kill yourself.
I want to talk about
what hope means.
You said if I gave you
a full report on jake ballard,
We could talk about
what the fact
I would like to discuss
what tom said.
I thought you said
tom was a liar.
Or...
Were you lying when you said
there's hope?
Was that just to save
jake's life?
I wasn't lying.
I don't lie.
Then come over here
and prove it.
Excuse me?
If you're not lying,
if there's hope,
Then come over here right now
and prove it to me.
You know
I can't do that.
Why? Because I'm
at the white house?
It's not a problem.
I have people
who will sweep you in here
And erase your presence
in a matter of minutes.
I'm very powerful,
you know.
Some women would find that
a turn-on.
You're drunk.
And I shouldn't have
brought up what tom
said, so let's just --
Don't you want to know
what you're gonna miss?
Fitz --
I'm in a...
Well, let's just say
I'm in a giving mood tonight.
So first,
I'd take off all your clothes.
I wouldn't kiss you,
not yet.
I'd make you wait
for that.
Then,
once I had you naked,
I'd spread you out on the desk
so I could see you.
Every inch of you.
And then I'd start at the bottom
and I'd work my way up.
Slowly,
deliberately,
So you fully understood
the choice in front of you.
So you fully realized
just what you were giving up.
And then,
once you were begging,
Because I wouldn't stop
until you were begging...
...I'd finally kiss you.
On the mouth.
So you could taste
yourself.
And then...
And then what?
That depends
on how much hope there is.
Ugh!
[ indistinct talking ]
[ machine-gun fire ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ knock on door ]
Sir?
You found something
elizabeth said?
There's nothing.
I've gone through
everything
That she's said
on the record
But there's no mention
of west angola at all.
I'm really sorry.
Obviously,
I can keep looking if you --
Go home.
Go home because...
I'm fired?
No, because, ethan,
for once,
You have not filled me
with disappointment.
Go home.
[ knock on door ]
leo: I thought
you'd have left.
I came back.
Fair enough.
The thing I've learned
in this business
Is that everybody
has something.
Usually it's obvious.
Liked to sing "kokomo"
in his diaper?
But I knew there was something
wrong about that guy.
Susan ross --
super-smart,
Mother of the decade,
a sad widow.
Other than a passing resemblance
to yosemite sam?
Well, it turns out she's not
a sad widow after all.
She's not even a widow.
Susan ross
wasn't married
To the dead dad
of little casey ross.
Yahtzee!
Did you just say
"yahtzee"?
I did.
That saddens me.
Is anybody
really gonna care
About the fact
that she isn't a widow?
Oh, I think some people
are going to care.
And those people are called
republicans, abby!
She's immoral,
a sinner, a liar.
And since she's also
an ugly egghead
They didn't want
to vote for anyway,
Now they don't have to.
Susan ross is going to lose.
Olivia pope is going to lose.
And our guy, charles putney,
is going to win.
That's worth a "yahtzee."
My jaw was wired shut
for six weeks,
And I still have a pin in it
that gets me a sympathetic look
From the lady
manning the x-ray
Every time I go through security
at an airport.
Two of my front teeth
are fake,
And my collarbone hurts
whenever it's going to rain.
Charles did that to me.
So, yeah, you won.
Yahtzee!
[ camera shutter clicking ]
What are you doing here?
First, you blatantly disregard
my orders
To not get involved
in jake's situation.
And now you go sneaking off
with tom to badger him into...
What, exactly?
What do you hope to gain?
You had me followed.
Of course you had me followed.
You're inside my apartment.
Why would I be surprised?
Go home, dad.
You do not
disrespect me!
Ever.
Do you understand?
Can I make that
any clearer?
I am the one
who protects the republic.
who protects you.
Everything I do
serves that purpose.
I have spent a lifetime
keeping you safe from harm,
A lifetime
worrying about your fate,
A lifetime making sure
that the path in front of you
Was clear of debris,
A lifetime
shining their shoes
So that you might always see
your reflection at every turn.
You do not see this.
You do not believe this.
You think
I am some relic,
Some misguided, vicious dinosaur
from my museum
Who attacks
without thinking.
Let me assure you,
I am not.
When I strike,
It is precise
and it is for a reason.
You do not interfere.
You do not
get in the way.
You never, ever
Choose one of them over me
again.
I won't have it.
Is that clear?
What's clear
Is that you seem to have
wasted a lifetime
Doing
all the wrong things.
Olivia.
Against me,
you will lose.
[ door opens, closes ]
[ keys jingle, door opens ]
Bunk inspection --
you know the drill.
I have a message
from command.
[ groaning ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ grunts ]
Someone's been
following me,
Taking pictures
for god knows how long.
Why didn't you tell me?
Your dance card
seemed a little full,
And we weren't going to tell
you, but they found his body,
And it'll be
all over the news, so...
It was my call.
What did
jeremy winslow say?
Before he ate a bullet
in front of me?
Not much.
He was drunk, rambling.
But the meeting that night
at his firm?
Now we know
it was about you.
Mrs. Grant,
how does it feel
To be a part of a tradition
that dates back to 1817?
My husband and I
are so proud
And so honored by this,
sienna.
And I know
that a new china setting
May seem frivolous
in the face of world events,
Are absolutely crucial
to this nation's foreign policy.
In fact,
at our very last state dinner,
Fitz and I were able
to sit down
With president buhari
of west angola
To discuss the human rights
violations
Suffered by civilians
in the ongoing conflict there.
It's a truly terrible
situation,
One that fitz and I can't
just sit by and let happen,
Because I don't want
my children to grow up...
You want coffee?
Coffee, yes.
...In a world that's dangerous
and unpredictable,
Where violence is always
at your doorstep.
Always coffee.
And fear
is always in your heart
Because you or your loved ones
could be the victim
Of some hateful act
Against the ideals
of this country.
That's why I fully support
my husband
Sending the u.S.S. Roosevelt
into the gulf of guinea.
Are we still talking china,
mrs. Grant?
Send the truman in.
We're sending in
the u.S.S. Roosevelt
Michael: Black with
a diabetic coma of sugar.
I know all
your weaknesses now, cy.
Yes...You do.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Leo:
I've come to celebrate.
What?
My loss.
My client withdrew his candidacy
10 minutes ago.
Charles?
Why would he --
Because he had to.
Someone leaked it to the press
that it was charles
Who set up diaper boy.
Paid her to get the whole
horror show on tape
To get mcdonnell
to resign.
And now susan ross
Is going to be the next senator
of virginia.
[ sighs ]
You leaked it.
What? Please.
You turned
your own client in.
I would never.
Here, drink.
Come on, celebrate.
Ah.
I can't believe
I just let you kiss me.
Have some more bourbon
and I'll touch your boob.
[ laughs ]
You were supposed to be
talking about china patterns.
Cups. Plates. Saucers.
Cyrus said
you did five minutes
On west angola.
You can't do that.
I'm back.
That's what you wanted,
right?
That's what you screamed at me
about?
How you hated drunk mellie
and crybaby mellie
And there was one about food.
I don't know what you called it.
I like to think of it
as chicken-fried mellie.
You wanted
those mellies gone, right?
So...They're gone.
And here I am.
I'm back, baby.
The real mellie.
Remember how much you hated
the real mellie?
Be careful
what you wish for.
Mellie --
That I have been holding up
all the walls of our house.
I have been holding you up
for 20 years.
And I never complained.
But when I fall down on the job
for exactly two months,
You ripped me to shreds
the first time it got difficult.
I won't soon forget that.
[ cellphone rings ]
Answer your phone.
Hello.
Absolutely.
He's right here.
Olivia pope for you.
You were right.
He tried to kill me.
Olivia: Who ordered you to kill
the president's son, tom?
Your father.
The order didn't come
from ballard.
It came from rowan.
Why did he do it?
He told your friend harrison
that...
He took my child,
so I took his.
Why did tom confess?
Why now?
He's a b613 agent.
I handled him
the way my father would have.
He doesn't need you anymore,
so he will have you killed.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Javi: Found you.
I tracked you down
by your I.P. Address.
Pretty easy.
What are you doing here?
I want to know
why you left.
I've seen pictures.
I know you're my dad.
My president, jake, command --
they all love you.
Are you saying
there's any hope now?
You're not going to choose me.
Olivia:
You give him to my father!
Are you saying
there's hope?!
Against me, you will lose.
Jake:
I want you to know --
I need you to know
not choosing me is okay.
Helen of troy.
The face that launched
a thousand ships.
There's hope.
[ door closes ]
Hi.
[ camera shutter clicking ]